all right folks I'm bringing you a silly
little 2v2 here kind of a faction War as
much of a faction War as you can get in
2v2 anyway we've got death playing as
the PC here very appropriate name for
him the nural worshipper and we've got
super mega Ultra Panda
FEG playing as the chaos saucerer let's
see how they do they're going to be
fighting the for commander of I just
want play baby I don't know why that was
how I said that and he's going to be
allied with a Tech Marine called
Galactica Galactica
interesting everyone so far only getting
a
single unit
initially the Marine Squad so expect a
lot of heavy armor a lot of cover
hugging and probably not a lot of
deaths ex the Heretics they will of
course die in droves as they
should not particularly effective Doom
bolts they partially blocked by the
cover and we' got Tech Marine already
bleeding some of those doombots both the
heroes and bleeding some of the doombots
whoa bleeding some of the Heretics both
the heroes going after their respective
light infantry trying to get that bleed
down B pistol the sorcerer should claim
a a scout soon and he does
indeed that one
Scout ooh that one Scout would have been
equivalent to what three
Heretics so so far it would have been a
good fight for super mega Ultra Panda
until of course he lost his chaos
sorcerer so it was a bit of a bait there
actually from Galactica quite clever by
them second CSM is coming out there for
super mega Ultra Panda and will just
poke the opponent Force Commander
bullying as he does
so fast shotguns from both of the SM
players here that leads you to believe
they've got a lot of gens and indeed
they do check it out they've got the
triple gens coming up Ned here in
contrast we've got okay we got triple
Jens
anyway oh God PC going down as well
terrible terrible start for the blue
team terrible opening death's going to
be going for a Havoc makes sense to try
and control that Force Commander H death
blame in the
game not it's not his fault his champion
didn't Retreat he just didn't want to
the champion refused he was ferociously
hammering that x hot key but the champ
said no not today death we are de we
must embrace
it let's see will he get a revive from
his teammate I mean this should be a
very easy position to revive from
especially when the enemy has been
deterred like this unfortunately tacks a
little bit out of the AR of fire from
Havoc there so just soft retreating away
currently buffed by the battlecry damage
boost but super mega Ultra panda a
little bit cautious should be able to
throw out a doom BS onto the capping tax
would make
sense running into Mel with the scouts
again I'm not sure how effective that
really is or how necessary that is given
that he has two CSM should be able to
outshoot them quite easily there goes
the Doom bolts once again missing
predicting that the scouts will move
back but they don't they send the ground
but they're getting Focus fired by
double CSM right now dropping all wow
not dropping all their models even
though they got to 10 HP now that was
lucky for Galactica and now we've got a
bit of a problem for Galactica no bionic
sweep on the Tech Marine bit of a
misclick there Doom blasted and then
went into worship I don't think that was
intentional but yeah without any bionic
sweep there's no way to control these
Acy Heretics that come charging in and
right now galaya has left the Gen Farm
vulnerable going to be going for an ASM
Squad uh this is a big mistake from
super mega Ultra Panda capping these
requisition points is not the priority
right now who cares about the
requisition there is a full gen F right
here right for the bashing prior to
these ASM coming out but he's not doing
it big mistake by super mega Ultra
Panda you get the wck points later
frankly you only need to Decap
them the amount of time it's going to
take to cap those so not worth it
compared to bashing the gens right
now on this side we see a chaina sword
and Storm Shield very rare War gear to
see in a 1 V
one quite good in a team game where it's
easier to blob up because you've got
fewer points to
cap in an
area so it justifies as bobbing Mar of
cost this is going to give AOE range
damage resistance and suppression
immunity to things around the Force
Commander and including the Force
Commander himself it actually gives him
a huge range Dr boost
50% to the Force
Commander no sorry I've got that the
wrong way around wow the Force Commander
reduces the Force Commander received oh
I think Defender affects the Force
Commander and then he gets 20% passively
as well as 100 HP so yeah it makes him
really bloody tanky to be honest we did
see the revive there on death so he is
defying death as always ASM getting kind
of wrecked over here seem like they
jumped into the firing ARA Havoc Havoc
unfortunately disrupted by a grenade
there but it's not really ideal with the
AC tick ltering around it's going to be
pretty much a full route there from
Galactica probably going to lose his
tactical Space Marine is very slow to
retreat there oh no he just about
survives all my hit from the champion
probably would have finished that Squad
and we're seeing Raptors from
Death I guess it makes sense because his
opponent didn't go for ASM and he went
for the chainsaw as opposed to you know
power sword which would be a lot more
threatening to the Raptors this is more
of a range unit counter so yeah we'll
see how the Raptors can do certainly
against double attack and a storm shield
chainsaw FC the Raptors should do quite
well
actually
your of course the Force Commander
probably then should swap to the Thunder
hammer in tier two Thunder Hammer plus
teleporter would be quite effective
counters effectively both then
teleporter for the Havoc fun hammer for
the Raptors shall be our own weapon but
you know he's got options he's still got
a plague Champion plague Champion with
the armor of pestilence gives him knock
back immunity and that's a pretty hard
counter to the Thunder Hammer when he's
trying to spam specials to knock you
over plue Champion is just going to
ignore that and keep punching him with
ideally a power fist and do a lot of
damage so there are options for death
similarly basically you want to be
getting things that are immune to that
that knock back so blood Crusher dreadn
Scouts falling there to all the focus
fire from the CSM what have we got three
squads of CSM right now that is a lot of
focus fire really not seeing any decent
doombots at tall here from super mega
Ultra
Panda yeah so I think it's kind of wise
that he's gone for the vestments of the
warp I think someone who was a bit
better with his Doom bots oh my God
massive misplay here just the AC tits
getting absolutely annihilated by this
blob this blob doing a lot of damage
right now is that oh why they I guess
there was just a battlecry that buffed
up all their damage I was wondering if
there was a SA standard or something
like that but no it's just a lot of
special attacks from the battlecry
buffing up the damage of these triple
attacks and the triple CSM are a bit
fearful right now they need some Mark of
Zen if they want to try and contend with
these tacks
generally you know a fancy modern kit of
the Tactical Space Marines versus the
thousands and thousands of years old kit
that the CSM have generally the guns are
going to be better on the Tactical Space
Marines until you get those Godly
cursive bonuses CSM can get but tacal
Marines are going to be falling there
after I say that they've got better kit
brilliant casters Cur striking once
again I don't know it is what it is just
terrible micro really I mean how do you
lose tactical Space Marines to bolters
I'd understand if there were Inferno
bolters but just normal bolters come on
it's ridiculous I'm not sure about this
engagement here this seems like there's
way too much chaos stuff oh it looks
like these havocs here by death were
layer quite poorly Ry be should have
been covering the other
havocs but they weren't so they're not
really contributing much at all and yeah
CSM fire is doing something but they
they really need to get the mark of each
cuz their damage is just not great right
now bolters against heavy infantry armor
is just not
ideal you want that Mark of zch I think
super mega Ultra Panda probably wants to
go for one Mar cor one Mar of zch oh
he's not even in tier two what the hell
has he been
doing Glory everyone else is tier two he
was definitely floating tremendously cuz
he's he's only going tier two but he's
got 105 power which is ridiculous
clearly been bleeding a
lot we shall Tri so de replaced his
Heretics that he
lost it's going to be a blood Crusher
for death I like the choice good against
this FC
but just want to see you play just want
to play
rather see you play who all right
mate um just want to play his skipping
tier two really he's got a librarian and
he's going through power fist in his FC
and that that's it he's chilling maybe
pick up a missile
launcher yeah not really enough
durability on his FC right now no
artificer armor no iron so really can't
be going T to tour very well with things
like blood prushes going to need some
support where's the ASM
jump where's the ASM jump there we go
knock over these havocs as they're
suppressing everything but again quite a
little nasty range firing line in the
back here Tech Marine two TS one with a
sergeant one with then uh sorry the
squad of shotgun Scouts as
well oh dear
death losing his Heretics again not
ideal Here Come The Inferno bolters
though how many of them have we got oh
cool yeah so you got one k Marine One
Inferno bter so you can use these K
Marines to counter initiate the ASM they
will absolutely wipe the Flor with them
one-on-one they've got chain axes that
do power melee not basic melee like the
ASM chain
swords and that combination will mean
that they will rip the ASM to Pieces
they also have a bit more HP
yeah they got way more
damage
3.77 is more than the 27 that the ASM
chainsaws do but then factor in an
additional 20% due to the plus here
which indicates that they have the
Eternal War
upgrade and then remember of course
power melee will'll be doing 30% extra
damage against heavy infantry and these
guys in
general have more HP 200 or so more HP
than the ASM so yeah one one they will
absolutely Slaughter the ASM which is
the whole point you keep them to protect
your Inferno
Balter CSM which are outputting the
majority of the damage but I don't know
why the sorcerer is running into melee
there with the rod of warfire and to go
f of the warp and then Rod of warfire
seems a little bit counterintuitive R
wfire generally more of a ranged option
it does buff your melee but not much it
it also Buffs your range and it gives
you that very powerful W fire ability
from afar that is going to be the end of
the blood Crusher there snared by the m
bomb and one of the Tactical Marines did
in the end pick up the missile launcher
and finish it off auto Cannon here for
super mega Ultra Panda and also unpar
Champion is the only one to survive in
that heretic Squad not sure what the
hell the Raptors were doing quite so
deep down behind the lines would have
been much better off going for the VP
there quite a tricky map to close out
winds on is this one to be honest cuz
these VPS end up being very difficult to
take giving you to sort walk around like
this becomes very risky like you walk
around here you risk a flank in the back
from the other Ally likewise this
direction so yeah you won't you won't
often see these natural VPS held by by
enemies so wherever they can get a a
Decap opportunity players should be
taking advantage of this now Galactic
Kaya has actually gone for a dreadn and
the auto Canon right now is busy taking
out generators so it's not able to deal
with this thing in the center here we
don't have have any AV
potential chaos of course telegraphs
their AV upgrades as well if he did want
to go for Mar should like other factions
which could be upgrading that and you
wouldn't notice whilst running away with
a Havoc you can't do that with
chaos yeah these ASM very very fragile
right now dreadnut needs to protect them
with an Emperor's fist just gets lucky
with a special and then completely
misses the emperor's
face classic and kcsm actually kill the
ASM Wow Car Marines doing their job
there you go and it's going to be an
assault Cannon dreadn of course it is
why would it not be it's always an
assault you're not in Team
game well Galactic Kaya has lost
basically everything at this point was
upgrading to the artificier armor to
make his Tech Marine more
tanky gen famam has been destroyed is
it's going to be ranged on melee
Terminators from the V Commander it's
going to be red Terminators generally
you do see range Terminators in team
games it's so risky to go melee
Terminators given the inability to
retreat if the enemy has range
Terminators sorry melee Terminators you
just double him and then especially when
you're facing something like the chaos
sorcerer with potentially Robes of
Torment to immobilize your Terminators
that's really risky for Terminators
given they can't Retreat and then of
course You' also got the Amor of
subjugation to contemp with in the later
game we actually see super mega Ultra
Panda purchasing the robs of Torment now
in order to counter those
Terminators but only an auto Cannon is
not a lot of Av to take on a dread
out yeah Pew peing it with a plasma gun
and free Inferno bols is not going to do
a whole
lot chaos needs to get some tier three
tools on the field heeld themselves
Galactic you're going for a whirlwind
next so he's going to be playing the
backline support
role the Tactical Marines there just
want to play Can ofart by surprise it
appears by the Z Marines and con
Marines yeah this jeel assault Cannon
thing is proving problematic dreadnut
should be going into melee melee oh my
God Galactica wake up man could have
killed that sorer if he if he meleed but
he's he's too busy sleeping watching his
world and shoot pretty little missiles I
suppose that's what we all play Team
games for right guys to watch the
beautiful graphical visual effects of a
game that's
uh 14 years old or
something
C your forces how old is Don War 2 now I
don't even know the base
game [__] knows it's got to be nearly 15
years old
right yeah again no one is actually
contesting these VPS I think when you're
playing two Space Marines this is quite
unacceptable you know there's been so
much fighting over here just want to
player really should be infiltrating
Scouts and going around and decapping
this just help to drain down the enemy
VPS constantly throughout the
game so the play for death is going to
be a great and clean one which is now
hit the field he really does love his
nurgle thingss let's see how it can do
certainly it will put a lot of pressure
on this dreadnut which will be nice and
there's not really that much to deal
with it you've got Terminators which do
piercing this will hurt the plasma
gun I guess the missile also will hurt
oh good stuff good stuff I don't know
why he was going for this requisition
Point as opposed to flanking around with
infiltration and going for the VP when
he knew the enemies are going to be in
that area
odd and super mega Ultra panda is going
to be going for the land Raider for boss
so this is actually a pretty good combo
the best counter to the great and clean
one would be something like a hord of
Predator tanks and just want to players
indeed getting a Predator Tank the best
way to counter that would be a land
Raider for boss which can do tremendous
amounts of anti- vehicle damage with its
twin link dual LZ cannons on each side
of
it and then you can protect that land R
Fus from melee with the gr CL one so
yeah I don't know gr Clan right now a
little bit
isolated stunned by flesh over steel
Stomps to disrupt the FC going to keep
going after him but there's not a lot of
support right now plasma gun and missile
launcher definitely contributary factors
to this FC's success against the go FC
will actually fall trying to get away
there to the plague Bolter of the PC but
right now we have an isolated great and
clean one yeah definitely needs to
prioritize the plasma gun that is the
thing that is doing by far the most
damage to him gets a cheeky little
special there does a
damage all right now the gr and clean
one can get onto the dreadn but yeah a
little bit fearful Tech Marine is
present remember these Terminators
whilst their guns aren't doing a lot of
damage to the great and clean one they
do have oh my God Friendly Fire
Galactica Jesus I mean it kills Heretics
right but what doesn't at this point of
the game a lot of damage coming out with
the Terminators Terminators turn around
again dual assault cannons fo fires that
plague Champion down very fast and this
is basically a fresh Squad of Heretics
so extremely vulnerable but here comes
the land Raider for Boss this is The
Equalizer taking its initial shots at
the tech Marines pretty Daft it needs to
be shooting at that dreadnut which will
chunk down very quickly yeah po
positioning here from super mega Ultra
Panda really should have rotated these
around the other way buus should be here
infantry should be coming down here he
needs to focus his shots he's not firing
at the CR targets kill this
dreadnut Predators will get zoned out
pretty badly by the full boss as well
boom look at that damage okay but let's
not overextend right now he's pushing
really deep only one of his last cannons
hitting the
predator missile launcher going
in yeah let's get some infantry support
going
on Whirlwind contributing there it's k
missile trying to chip down the for BOS
go going to go in and
tank here we go that's a dead plasma gun
squad well the FBA shouldn't be backing
up it should be killing the [__]
Predator right now SAS can actually
chunking down tactical Space
Marines it's all right that was cool
used the W ability pulled that great and
clean one out I like to see it okay and
he's going to go back to base we've got
repairs right now from some Heretics
probably what this heretic should stop
worshiping get repairing as well
technically the four boss is a demon now
so you will heal it with worship but it
has to be the same player right this is
the wrong player so he's just healing
his goo but wow look at that beautifully
done Mark of Z last cannon in the back
combined with a predator sorry not the
Predator the faux boss make short work
of the Predator Galactic Kai is coming
out with his own Predator but this is a
really bad idea just walking forward
like this into the enemy not a good idea
oh look at the damage from the for boss
there and this is a predator with
boosted armor by the way more HP look at
that huge chunks of damage from this
thing it really is a zoning Powerhouse
melts the Scout Squad
goodbye and this is how you use a land
rid for Boss really does need to get
back though now and get some more
repairs cuz compared to
other um compared to other land Raiders
it is a lot more vulnerable compared to
any other super heavy vehicle really
compared to a battle wagon compared to a
ban blade compared to a R Redeemer
compared to a land R Crusader way less
HP but that's because it has range has
range and very powerful anti- vehicle
Weaponry but for that reason you play it
different you play it like a weapons
platform keep it back don't rotate it
around a
lot this is stupid now his teammate de
has just blocked him from moving by
choosing to upgrade his chaos Predator
right in the path that really he wanted
to back off through and now he's getting
the full boss pressured by missile
launcher but he's going to call in some
Terminators here that oh yeah that's
super mega Ultra Panda makes sense
player with a full boss going to tie up
that missile launcher with a power fist
on those Terminators and then turn
around and spank that
librarian for Boss contributing some big
damage here to the dreadn looks like
he's fighting with the Tech Marine right
now that's a
mistake metal Raptors going in though
and that's going to be the end of
that yeah I think Space Marines are a
bit screwed here fboss did it you don't
get to see that too often people always
[__] up there with f boss
play you know what usually happens they
walk them into a last Cannon it gets
snared and then they get hit by a melt
bomb and it's immobilized and then the
four boss fanes around spinning around
in circles while it gets wrecked One V
one by a last Cannon cuz it sponson a
mainly AV and not designed to kill
infantry but yeah that that was good it
it put in so much work there I mean
obviously it just Slaughters things like
Predators that's why this is a good
combo to go for the gooo kill the
Infantry what does the struggle against
while a tank it's never going to catch a
tank right the Tank's just going to keep
you pewing it with bolters and cannons
and slowly chip it away so then you get
fos us can deal with enemy
tanks so the composition here from from
the chaos is pretty good Galactic are
really not pulling it through and also
the FC to be honest the FC himself not
the actual player but the actual Force
Commander hero not really achieving a
whole lot in this match
Theo is going to fall at this point but
as we can see Space Marine has basically
got nothing left right now yeah they're
done see you later
boys see you
later and they're just going to I don't
know what they're playing it out for to
be honest but there you
go if you enjoy the 2v2 content guys
please let me know let me know down in
the comments below we obviously have a
lot do now to get our views back up to
normal i' got to keep these uploads
consistent that's what I can do on my
end but on your end you need to leave a
comment and you need to like the video
as much as possible to boost Us in the
algorithm to get us back to where we
were it's an eternal battle YouTube is a
Fickle master and you know what what can
I do about it man it's always more
motivating if more people can see this
content and ultimately what does that
lead to more people playing the game
which leads to better replays and maybe
even me being incentivized to play the
game if I've got some fun competition to
content
with the last Harrah here for the space
r is going to be an obit bombardment
what can it claim it can grab a couple
of Heretics hey it got some ZKA Space
Marines they're not that close to the
center though so these guys might die
but I feel like this guy is going to
live wow even the Marine lived
jeez yeah love 3E CSM lot of lot of dur
ability I
suppose we got some sort of meing going
on right now tactical space Mar is
running around the back to to cap the
point there but I mean they're just Bas
raping
whatever yeah I mean they're trolling
there's no reason to be base raping
right now they just need to C the VPS
and that's the end of it all right there
you go folks that is our little cheeky
2v2 faction War hope you that one I'm
going to be signing out
[Music]